Testing - packagingv2 (#55)
YunoHost-Apps/mautic_ynh: doc/POST_INSTALL.md

Complete the registration process from the setup page displayed.

> Details for MySQL database to be enterted while registration process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details for MySQL database to be entered during the registration process:
```

> - Database login:    __DB_USER__
> - Database name:     __DB_NAME__
> - Database password: __DB_PWD__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Database login:    `__DB_USER__`
- Database name:     `__DB_NAME__`
- Database password: `__DB_PWD__`
```
